ALL ACTIONS
Screen off: Turns off screen immediately. To wake the screen on, just move, click mouse or press any key on keyboard.
Sleep: The PC stays on but uses low power. Apps stay open so when the PC wakes up, you're instantly back to where you left off.
Shutdown: Closes all apps and then turns off the PC.
Restart: Turns off the PC and then turns it on again.
Sign out: Closes all apps and signs you out.
Hibernate: Turns off the PC but apps stay open. When the PC is turned on, you're back to where you left off.


TRAY/NOTIFY ICON
A small icon is shown in the system tray. Move the cursor on it to show the information about the selected action. Click left and right mouse button on it to perform the selected action. Click the mouse wheel on it to show the application's main window.


BASIC/MAIN SETTINGS
Left Mouse Button: Setup the primary action for application. Action will be performed when you click the left mouse button on the Tray/Notify icon.
Right Mouse Button: Setup the secondary action for application. Action will be performed when you click the right mouse button on the Tray/Notify icon. By default, the setting for this action is "Just show menu".
Just show menu (Check Box): Allow you select between "Just show menu" and other actions for the "Right mouse button" setting. If this is ticked, the application will just show menu when you click right mouse button on Tray/Notify icon.


ADVANCED OPTIONS
Show this dialog box at startup: Allow you select between show or hide the application's main window. If this is not ticked, the main windows will be hide and just show the icon in system tray when you run the application.
Startup with Windows: Allow you activate or disable the auto-startup function. If this auto-startup function is on and the application will be run automatically as soon as Windows finished starting.
Ask before performing: Activate or disable the action confirming function. If this function is on and the application will show a message box in order to ensure whether you really want to perform the selected action or not.
Save the log of actions: Activate or disable the log saving function. If this function is on, the application will save the log when an action is performed.
Show error message on screen: Activate or disable the error alert function. If this function is on, the application will show an alert about what error happened when performing action.
Remind before doing scheduled action: Activate or disable the schedule notificating function. If this function is on, a notification will be appear if a scheduled action will be performed in 30 seconds later.

Language: Allow you select the primary language to display for the application. There are two language package installed: English and Vietnamese. 
View the log of actions: Open the action log file for viewing using Notepad if this file is exist.
Backup settings: Backing up all configuration and settings information from Windows registry to a binary registry file. To restore the backed up configuration, just running this file or opening it by Registry Editor from Windows Explorer.
Action Schedule: Open the schedule setting window to view, edit the scheduled action or create a new scheduled action.


SCHEDULE SETTINGS
Active schedule action: Active or disable scheduled action. This also allow you create/activate a new scheduling or disable/delete a scheduled action.
Time Setting: Set up the time for the action, include time and date to perform action. The scheduled action will be perform automatically on this time.
Do schedule everyday: If this setting is on, you just need to set the time for action. The action will be performed automatically on this time every day.